CI rework - use kind, validate->test->publish, contrib and release rework (#1422)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: .circleci/README.md

# What is this folder about?

We use CircleCI to build documentation previews for PRs, as configured through
[.circleci/config.yml], this allows us to easily preview documentation changes

> in a PR in its final form before the PR is merged.

Author: Yepp - I made a node about this in the TODO section of the PRs initial post!

> When a PR is merged [readthedocs.yml](readthedocs.yml) will help ReadTheDocs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a PR is merged, the configuration in [readthedocs.yml](readthedocs.yml) will help ReadTheDocs
```

> build and publish it on https://z2jh.jupyter.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build the docs and publish to https://z2jh.jupyter.org.
```
